model/content-type.md, before:

# Content type

A content type resource can be retrieved from the Delivery API to understand the schema of an [entry](entry.md). Entries are constructed and validated using the information defined in the fields collection.

## Properties

| Name | Type | Format | Description |
| :------- | :--- | :----- | :---------- |
| id | string | | A unique content type identifier |
| projectId | string |  | The project identifier |
| name | object | [Localized value](/localization.md)  | The friendly name given to a content type |
| description | object | [Localized value](/localization.md) | The description text given to a content type |
| entryTitleField | string |  | The id of the field which should be used as the title in entry listings |
| fields | object [...] | [Field](#field)  | A collection of fields that form the schema for an entry |
| enabled | boolean |  |  |
| defaultLanguage | string | [Language code](/localization.md) |  |
| supportedLanguages | string [...] | [Language code](/localization.md) |  |
| workflowId | string |  | The workflow that derived entries will  |
| dataFormat | string |  | Either *entry* or *asset* |
| previewUrl | string |  | The url that an example of an entry based on the content type can be viewed |
| version | object | [Version](/model/version.md) | Version information about the content type |

## Field

The field object is the definition of a field within an entry. The field also contains the validations and editor configuration that is used within the Contensis UI and services.

### Properties

| Name | Type | Format | Description |
| :------- | :--- | :----- | :---------- |
| id | string |  | A unique field identifier |
| name | object | [Localized value](/localization.md) | A friendly name for the field |
| description | object | [Localized value](/localization.md) | The description for the field's purpose |
| dataType | string | [Data type](/key-concepts/data-types.md) | The field data type |
| dataFormat | string | [Data type](/key-concepts/data-formats.md) | The field data format |
| default | object | [Localized value](/localization.md) | The default value for the field if no value is provided by an editor |
| validations | object |  | The validations that will be performed on the field when the entry is either created or updated |
| editor | object | Editor | Configuration for the Contensis entry editor |

## Localized value
A localized value is a object that has values that are keyed by [language codes](/localization.md) which allows multilingual variations of a specific property.

## Example

```html
<span id="content_type_name"></span>
```

```js
(function(Zengenti) {
    // Create a client
    var client = Zengenti.Contensis.Client.create();

    $(function() {
        // Get the movie content type
        client.contentTypes.get('movie').then(function(movieContentType) {       
        
            $('#content_type_name').text(movieContentType.name['en-GB']);

        }, function(error) {
            console.error(error);
        });   
    });
    
})(Zengenti);
```

Commit message:

Description added for ZenHub search
---
description: A content type resource can be retrieved from the Delivery API to understand the schema of an entry. 
---

model/content-type.md, after:

---
description: A content type resource can be retrieved from the Delivery API to understand the schema of an entry. 
---
# Content type

A content type resource can be retrieved from the Delivery API to understand the schema of an [entry](entry.md). Entries are constructed and validated using the information defined in the fields collection.

## Properties

| Name | Type | Format | Description |
| :------- | :--- | :----- | :---------- |
| id | string | | A unique content type identifier |
| projectId | string |  | The project identifier |
| name | object | [Localized value](/localization.md)  | The friendly name given to a content type |
| description | object | [Localized value](/localization.md) | The description text given to a content type |
| entryTitleField | string |  | The id of the field which should be used as the title in entry listings |
| fields | object [...] | [Field](#field)  | A collection of fields that form the schema for an entry |
| enabled | boolean |  |  |
| defaultLanguage | string | [Language code](/localization.md) |  |
| supportedLanguages | string [...] | [Language code](/localization.md) |  |
| workflowId | string |  | The workflow that derived entries will  |
| dataFormat | string |  | Either *entry* or *asset* |
| previewUrl | string |  | The url that an example of an entry based on the content type can be viewed |
| version | object | [Version](/model/version.md) | Version information about the content type |

## Field

The field object is the definition of a field within an entry. The field also contains the validations and editor configuration that is used within the Contensis UI and services.

### Properties

| Name | Type | Format | Description |
| :------- | :--- | :----- | :---------- |
| id | string |  | A unique field identifier |
| name | object | [Localized value](/localization.md) | A friendly name for the field |
| description | object | [Localized value](/localization.md) | The description for the field's purpose |
| dataType | string | [Data type](/key-concepts/data-types.md) | The field data type |
| dataFormat | string | [Data type](/key-concepts/data-formats.md) | The field data format |
| default | object | [Localized value](/localization.md) | The default value for the field if no value is provided by an editor |
| validations | object |  | The validations that will be performed on the field when the entry is either created or updated |
| editor | object | Editor | Configuration for the Contensis entry editor |

## Localized value
A localized value is a object that has values that are keyed by [language codes](/localization.md) which allows multilingual variations of a specific property.

## Example

```html
<span id="content_type_name"></span>
```

```js
(function(Zengenti) {
    // Create a client
    var client = Zengenti.Contensis.Client.create();

    $(function() {
        // Get the movie content type
        client.contentTypes.get('movie').then(function(movieContentType) {       
        
            $('#content_type_name').text(movieContentType.name['en-GB']);

        }, function(error) {
            console.error(error);
        });   
    });
    
})(Zengenti);
```
