model/version.md, before:

# Version
The version object contains the version status information for the current version of the resource.

## Properties
| Name | Type | Format | Description |
| :------- | :--- | :----- | :---------- |
| createdBy | string | | The user id of who created the resource |
| created | string | datetime | The date and time the resource was created |
| modifiedBy | string | | The user id of who last modified the resource |
| modified | string | datetime | The date and time the resource version was last modified |
| publishedBy | string | | The user id of who last published the resource |
| published | string | datetime | The date and time the resource version was last published |
| versionNo | string | {Major}.{Minor} | The version number of the resource |


## Remarks

The *VersionNo* follows a two-part versioning scheme:

> {Major}.{Minor}

The *minor* part is incremented on every successful update to the entry. The *major* part is incremented once the entry has been approved and subsequently published, which in turn resets the *minor* part to zero.

Commit message:

Description added for ZenHub search
---
description: The version object contains the version status information for the current version of the resource.
---

model/version.md, after:

---
description: The version object contains the version status information for the current version of the resource.
---
# Version
The version object contains the version status information for the current version of the resource.

## Properties
| Name | Type | Format | Description |
| :------- | :--- | :----- | :---------- |
| createdBy | string | | The user id of who created the resource |
| created | string | datetime | The date and time the resource was created |
| modifiedBy | string | | The user id of who last modified the resource |
| modified | string | datetime | The date and time the resource version was last modified |
| publishedBy | string | | The user id of who last published the resource |
| published | string | datetime | The date and time the resource version was last published |
| versionNo | string | {Major}.{Minor} | The version number of the resource |


## Remarks

The *VersionNo* follows a two-part versioning scheme:

> {Major}.{Minor}

The *minor* part is incremented on every successful update to the entry. The *major* part is incremented once the entry has been approved and subsequently published, which in turn resets the *minor* part to zero.
